This End User License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by and between Apttus Corporation (“Conga”) and the customer wishing to access and/or download certain Conga proprietary content, including user interface templates and software development kits (“Conga Content”) from this website ("Customer"), which must be in connection with Customer’s use of Conga’s various SaaS modules (“Subscription Services”), as further described below. YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT PRIOR TO DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING CONGA CONTENT. BY CLICKING ON THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON OR ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE CONGA CONTENT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMER. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER LEGAL ENTITY, THEN YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ENTITY AS THE CUSTOMER. For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

Conga Content. 1.1 Scope. This End User License Agreement applies to Customer’s access to and/or use of Conga Content, created, provided or managed by Conga that are accessible in GitHub repositories. 1.2 MSA. Customer may only download and/or use the Conga Content: (a) if it has previously executed a Master Services Agreement, or equivalent SaaS subscription agreement, (“MSA”) with Conga, and (b) in accordance with this Agreement and the MSA, including all use guidelines and restrictions contained therein. 1.3 Prohibited Use. Customer is prohibited from downloading and/or using the Conga Content, except as authorized by this Agreement. Conga may prevent Customer from using the Conga Content if it determines, in its sole discretion, that Customer is not in compliance with this Agreement. Customer is hereby prohibited from sharing the Conga Content with any and all third-parties.
No Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL CONGA HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM ITS ACCESS TO, DOWNLOADING OF, OR USE OF THE CONGA CONTENT WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES BASED ON LOST PROFITS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Termination. Conga may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason immediately upon notice to Customer.